Add OIDC Pluggin support (#4)
saleor/auth-sdk: README.md

});
```

### Next.js (Pages Router) with OpenID Connect

Setup `_app.tsx` as described above. In your login component trigger the external auth flow using the following code:

```tsx

> import { Inter } from 'next/font/google'
> 
> import { useSaleorAuthContext, useSaleorExternalAuth } from '@saleor/auth-sdk/react'
> import { ExternalProvider } from '@saleor/auth-sdk';
> import Link from 'next/link';
> import { gql, useQuery } from '@apollo/client';
> 
> const inter = Inter({ subsets: ['latin'] })
> 
> export default function Home() {
>   const { loading: isLoading, error, data } = useQuery(gql`query CurrentUser { me { id email firstName lastName } }`);
> 
>   const { authURL, loading } = useSaleorExternalAuth({
>     saleorURL: '<your Saleor instance>',
>     provider: ExternalProvider.OpenIDConnect,
>     redirectURL: 'http://localhost:5375/api/auth/callback',
>   });
> 
>   const { signOut } = useSaleorAuthContext();
> 
>   if (loading || isLoading) {
>     return <div>Loading...</div>;
>   } else if (data && data.me) {
>     return (
>       <div>
>         {JSON.stringify(data)}
>         <button onClick={() => signOut()}>Logout</button>
>       </div>
>     )
>   } else if (authURL) {
>       return (
>       <div>
>         <Link href={authURL}>Login</Link> 
>       </div>
>       )
>   } else {
>     return (
>       <div>Something went wrong</div>
>     )
>   }
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import {
  useSaleorAuthContext,
  useSaleorExternalAuth,
} from "@saleor/auth-sdk/react";
import { ExternalProvider } from "@saleor/auth-sdk";
import Link from "next/link";
import { gql, useQuery } from "@apollo/client";

export default function Home() {
  const {
    loading: isLoadingCurrentUser,
    error,
    data,
  } = useQuery(
    gql`
      query CurrentUser {
        me {
          id
          email
          firstName
          lastName
        }
      }
    `
  );
  const { authURL, loading: isLoadingExternalAuth } = useSaleorExternalAuth({
    saleorURL: "<your Saleor instance>",
    provider: ExternalProvider.OpenIDConnect,
    redirectURL: "http://localhost:5375/api/auth/callback",
  });

  const { signOut } = useSaleorAuthContext();

  if (isLoadingExternalAuth || isLoadingCurrentUser) {
    return <div>Loading...</div>;
  }
  if (data?.me) {
    return (
      <div>
        {JSON.stringify(data)}
        <button onClick={() => signOut()}>Logout</button>
      </div>
    );
  }
  if (authURL) {
    return (
      <div>
        <Link href={authURL}>Login</Link>
      </div>
    );
  }
  return <div>Something went wrong</div>;
}
```

Reviewer: (formatted code)

Second question: is http://localhost:5375 correct?

Author: @mmiszy I've clarified the `localhost`, but this will be changed once we have the 1st version out
